1. git init
	When creating a new project directory and type command git init initialize a Git repository for our local project folder.
	Git will create a hidden .git directory and use it for keeping its files organized in other subdirectories.


2. git add
	When creating a new file or updating new files the git needs to know about the changes made in the repository.
	Using git add will add the specified files into Git repository, the staging area, where they are already being tracked by Git and now ready to be committed.


3. git commit
	git commit -m "message"
	This command records or snapshots files permanently in the version history, All the files, which are there in the directory right now, are being saved in the Git file system.


4. git status
	Show the status of the exiting file and the file addition status of new file, if any, that has to be committed.


5. git remote
	Once everything is ready on our local system, we can push our code to remote repository of project.
	Generally remote is used to add repository into the GitHub for further usage.

6. git push
	If any changes or addition of file is done on our local system, the remote repository should also be up to date.
	git push is used to sync the files and folders on local system with the remote repository on Github.


7. git clone
	When we want to work on file(s) that is on remote Github repository as another developer. We Can work by cloning the repository,
	For cloning we can use the link of the repository under the code section and use git clone <link>.
	The following repository will get added to local system under the current directory.


8. git checkout
	git branch is used to create a branch under a working branch(generally main/master).
	git checkout is used to switch from one branch to another branch. We can create a new branch and switch to it by git checkout -b <branch_name>.
	By default git checkout -b will base the new branch off the current HEAD. We can branch the new branch to the required by using git checkout -b <new_branch> <existing_branch>.


9. git merge
	git merge is used to merge the branches to the parent branch i.e generally head. We can merge the branch by switching to main branch and using git merge <branch_name>.
	All the files created or updated under the new branch is updated on the main branch.


10. git config
	When we have a remote repository, we will need to add a remote repo url to local git config and set an upstream branch for our local branches.
	git config command lets us configure username, or email. It lets us configure our git installation from the command line.
